1.
Question 1
Which of the following attributes distinguish a work-in-progress from a “polished” final query? (Select all that apply.)
Every column has a descriptive name
The query is formatted consistently, or according to a style guide

2.Question 2
In which of the following sections did we perform analysis to directly guide decision making?
X Creating a view items table

3. 3.
Question 3
Which of the following are uses of a dates rollup table?
V Efficiently computing aggregates over a rolling time period
V For keeping track of your meeting schedule
4.
Question 4
We’ve decided to only use the items and users tables to answer the following questions:

How many items have been purchased?
How many items do we have?
Which join type and order will allow us to correctly compute the columns Item_count, items_ever_purchased_count?

SELECT   *

FROM  

  dsv1069.items

LEFT OUTER JOIN

  dsv1069.orders

ON 

  items.id = orders.item

X 
SELECT *

FROM

  dsv1069.orders

LEFT JOIN

  dsv1069.items

ON 

  items.id = orders.item

5. For this statement, fill in the __ with the appropriate inequality (<, <=, =, >=, >):

For days in any given week

Daily unique visitors _ Weekly Unique visitors 
>

6. Select the best definition of a windowing function?
It is a function that computes a value on a certain partition, 
or window, of the data that is specified in the PARTITION BY statement.

7. Folks at the company wonder if our product catalog is too big. 
What are some related questions that you could directly answer with data? (Select all that apply.)
v How many items do we have?
v How many items have been purchased?

How many users have purchased an item?
8.
Question 8
Which of the following tasks can be accomplished with a windowing function? (Select all that apply.)
Find the most recently viewed item
Find the most expensive item per order

9.
Question 9
Let’s suppose we want to write a query to answer both of these questions:

How many users have made a purchase?
How many users do we have?
Please choose the best set of columns for a final query that would answer these questions:

user_count
users_with_purchases

10.
Question 10
According to the methodology suggested in this module, which step comes first?

Identify the question you are trying to answer